Documentation~/index.md, before:

# About the Adaptive Performance Samsung (Android) package

The Adaptive Performance Samsung (Android) provider is a subsystem for [Adaptive Performance](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.adaptiveperformance@latest/index.html) to extend Adaptive Performance to Samsung Android devices. It transmits device-specific information to the Adaptive Performance system and enables you to receive data about the thermal state of a Samsung Android device.

This package also provides access to a [Variable Refresh Rate](vrr.md) API that is supported by newer Samsung devices with high refresh rate displays.

## Installation

To use the Adaptive Performance Samsung (Android) provider you need to install the Adaptive Performance package and activate the provider in the Adaptive Performance section of the **Project Settings** window. For more information, see [Adaptive Performance package documentation](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.adaptiveperformance@latest/index.html).

For information on what's new in the latest version of Adaptive Performance Samsung (Android), see the [Changelog](../changelog/CHANGELOG.html).

## Device support

This version of the Adaptive Performance Samsung (Android package) is compatible with Unity Editor versions 2019 LTS and later (2020.2 and later recommended).


Adaptive Performance Samsung (Android) currently supports the following Samsung devices running Android 10:

* All old and new Samsung Galaxy models

It supports those devices with Samsung GameSDK 3.2+.

[Variable Refresh Rate](vrr.md) is currently only supported on Galaxy S20.

## Samsung GameSDK

When you enable logging, Adaptive Performance prints the version of the Samsung GameSDK used in the Adaptive Performance Samsung Android subsystem to the console during startup. For example:

```
Adaptive Performance: Subsystem version=3.2
```

Commit message:

com.unity.adaptiveperformance.samsung.android@3.0.0-pre.2 ## [3.0.0] - 2021-05-04
### Added
- Startup Boost Mode
- Verified support for 2021.2 and minimum support 2021.2 LTS+. Please use Adaptive Performance 1.x for earlier versions supporting 2018.3+ and Adaptive Performance 2.x for earlier versions supporting 2019.4+.

Documentation~/index.md, after:

# About the Adaptive Performance Samsung (Android) package

The Adaptive Performance Samsung (Android) provider is a subsystem for [Adaptive Performance](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.adaptiveperformance@latest/index.html) to extend Adaptive Performance to Samsung Android devices. It transmits device-specific information to the Adaptive Performance system and enables you to receive data about the thermal state of a Samsung Android device.

This package also provides access to a [Variable Refresh Rate](vrr.md) API that is supported by newer Samsung devices with high refresh rate displays.

## Installation

To use the Adaptive Performance Samsung (Android) provider you need to install the Adaptive Performance package and activate the provider in the Adaptive Performance section of the **Project Settings** window. For more information, see [Adaptive Performance package documentation](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.adaptiveperformance@latest/index.html).

For information on what's new in the latest version of Adaptive Performance Samsung (Android), see the [Changelog](../changelog/CHANGELOG.html).

## Device support

This version of the Adaptive Performance Samsung (Android package) is compatible with Unity Editor versions 2021.2 and later.


Adaptive Performance Samsung (Android) currently supports the following Samsung devices running Android 10+:

* All old and new Samsung Galaxy models

It supports those devices with Samsung GameSDK 3.2+.

[Variable Refresh Rate](vrr.md) is currently only supported on Galaxy S20, N20, S21.
Boost Mode and Cluster Info is currently only supported on Samsung GameSDK 3.5+

## Samsung GameSDK

When you enable logging, Adaptive Performance prints the version of the Samsung GameSDK used in the Adaptive Performance Samsung Android subsystem to the console during startup. For example:

```
Adaptive Performance: Subsystem version=3.2
```

## What's New?
For information on the latest changes and additions in this version of Adaptive Performance, see  [What's new](whats-new.md).
